to dream to seek the unknown to look for
what is beautiful is its own reward a
man's reach should exceed his grasp or
what's a heaven
you are the Explorer in your hand I wish
to find the lost what you seek is far
greater than you ever imagined
it is your thing not know you when you
return another such a sacrifice for all
the environments build you difficult the
journey may well mean your life but you
could reclaim your family name ain't
nobody comes back from up there but
we've never let fear determine our
future good you know to a tree road
if we may find a hidden civilization
well one was considered impossible to
exist we may well write a whole new
chapter in history I call it death it is
death as weird what is
you
[Music]